auditlog: add documentation (ru,en) (#2899)
ydb-platform/ydb: ydb/docs/en/core/security/audit-log-scheme.md

| _Ownership and permissions_ ||
|| `new_owner` | User SID of the new owner of the object when ownership is transferred.
|| `acl_add` | List of added permissions, in [short notation](./short-access-control-notation.md) (for example, `[+R:someuser]`).
|| `acl_remove` | List of revoked permissions, in [short notation](./short-access-control-notation.md) (for example, `[-R:somegroup]`).
| _[User (or custom) attributes](../concepts/datamodel/table?#users-attr)_ ||
|| `user_attrs_add` | List of custom attributes added when creating objects or updating attributes (for example, `[attr1: A, attr2: B]`).
|| `user_attrs_remove` | List of custom attributes removed when creating objects or updating attributes (for example, `[attr1, attr2]`).

[Credentials](../concepts/auth#static-credentials) management operations:
| __Attribute__ | __Description__ |
|:----|:----|
| `login_user` | User name (when [adding or modifying the user](./access-management.md#users)).
| `login_group` | Group name (when [adding or modifying the user group](./access-management.md#groups)).
| `login_member` | User name (when [adding or removing the user to or from a group](./access-management.md#groups)).

> ## How to enable
> 
> Audit log must be [enabled](audit-log.md#enabling-audit-log) on a cluster level.
> 
> Scheme operation logging does not require anything else.
> 
> ## Things to know
> 
> - Logging occurs at the {{ ydb-short-name }} component `Scheme Shard`.
> 
> [//]: # (TODO: `start_time` and `end_time` mark start and end time of the operation.)
> - Logging occurs when schemeshard accepts operation for an execution.
> 
> - Request to create schema object could generate a series of schema operations and could result in a multiple audit log records (one for each operation). All such records will have the same `tx_id`. This is the case when the object path contain intermediate elements which are also need to be created (for example, if path `root/a` is not exist, then request to create table `root/a/table` will be performed by two sequential operations: `create root/a` and then `create root/a/table`).
> 
> - If [authentication](../deploy/configuration/config#auth) on a cluster is disabled, requests will be logged, `subject` value will be `{none}`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How to enable

The audit log must be [enabled](audit-log.md#enabling-audit-log) at the cluster level.

Schema operation logging does not require any additional configuration.

## Things to know

- Logging occurs at the {{ ydb-short-name }} component `Scheme Shard`.

- Logging occurs when the SchemeShard accepts an operation for execution.

- A request to create a schema object could generate a series of schema operations, resulting in multiple audit log records (one for each operation). All such records will have the same `tx_id`. This happens when the object path contains intermediate elements that also must be created. For example, if the path `root/a` does not exist, then a request to create the table `root/a/table` will be performed by two sequential operations: `create root/a` and then `create root/a/table`.

- If [authentication](../deploy/configuration/config#auth) on the cluster is disabled, requests will still be logged, but the `subject` value will be `{none}`.
```
